Arena hard elad2 (#1026)
IBM/unitxt: docs/docs/examples.rst

Related documentation: :ref:`LLM as a Judge Metrics Guide <llm_as_judge>`.

Evaluate your model on the Arena Hard benchmark using a custom LLMaJ
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

Demonstrates how to evaluate a user model on the Arena Hard benchmark, using an LLMaJ other than the GPT4.

`Example code <https://github.com/IBM/unitxt/blob/main/examples/evaluate_a_model_using_arena_hard.py>`_

Related documentation: :ref:`Evaluate a Model on Arena Hard Benchmark <arena_hard_evaluation>`.

Evaluate a judge model performance judging the Arena Hard Benchmark
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

> DDemonstrates how to evaluate the capabilities of a user model, to act as a judge on the Arena Hard benchmark.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Demonstrates how to evaluate the capabilities of a user model, to act as a judge on the Arena Hard benchmark.
```

> The model is evaluated on it's capabilities to give a judgment that is in correlation with GPT4 judgment on the benchmark.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The model is evaluated on its capability to give a judgment that is in correlation with GPT4 judgment on the benchmark.
```
